Jack got up the nerve to ask Ruth to dance with him.
杰克鼓足勇气请露丝和他跳舞。
In a little while all the children piped up and began to dance.
一会儿所有的孩子都开始载歌载舞起来。
He would like her to dance with him.
他想和她跳舞。
He asked her to dance again, she said, "Get lost! "
他再次请她跳舞时，她说：“走开！”
Mary was much flattered by his asking her to dance a second time.
玛丽对他再次邀请她跳舞感到非常高兴。
they dance panic, as if someone is not the direction of the future!
它们慌乱地起舞，象是某个人没有方向的未来！
Angela: "Do you think that girl will dance with me if I ask her to? "
安吉拉：“如果我邀请那女孩，你认为她会和我跳舞吗？”
For all that she has a good sense of balance , she can't dance well.
尽管她有良好的平衡感，但她的舞跳不好。
I make it a point not to read any Dance sample chapters that he posts.
我在此点不阅读任何舞蹈样章，他的职位。
I can dance for you to see. Shawty What you think about That?
我会跳舞给你看，小妹你觉得怎样？
Yellow glue is usually referred to as aliphatic resin glue.
黄胶通常被称作脂肪树脂胶。
Yellow umbrellas seem to be very popular this year.
黄色遮阳伞今年似乎非常流行。
Autumn has come, the leaves turn yellow, and to leave his mother.
秋天来了，叶子变黄了，要离开他的母亲。
How much are those yellow shoes?
那些黄色的鞋多少钱？
George is a yellow-bellied guy, don't send him on such a tough assignment.
乔治是个胆怯的家伙，不要给他一份如此艰难的工作。
The fat toad gave him a hollowed out yellow turnip, to which were harnessed six little mice.
肥蛤蟆交给他一个空心的萝卜，上面套着六只小老鼠。
How much are these things? The yellow shorts are on sale for $15.
这些东西多少钱？黄色短裤廉价出售，卖15美元。
Then he took the cigarette out of his mouth and smiled with his yellow teeth.
然后他把烟从嘴里拿出来，笑着，露出他那黄色的牙齿。
The landscape of Qingdao is often described as the pearl on the crown of the Yellow Sea.
在青岛风景经常被认为是珍珠在黄海海域的冠冕。
The next pipe diameter is at least the Pacific, is the Yangtze River in the Yellow River.
未来管道的直径至少是太平洋，绝对不是黄河长江。
This echo-location in bats is often compared with radar.
蝙蝠的这种回声定位常可与雷达相比较。
The young man is only an echo of his mother's opinions.
那个年轻人只不过是他母亲意见的附和者。
Princess Leia was one of the commanding members of Echo Base.
莱娅公主是回波基地的指挥官员之一。
In this case, it is only a matter of a simple echo or file transfer.
在这种情况下，这只是一个问题，一个简单的重复或文件传输。
I was trying to listen to the echo of my voice.
我在听自己的回声呢。
"Lucky cloud" and bedroom wallpaper photograph echo, completely around the design concept to carry on the design.
“祥云”与卧室的壁纸相呼应，完全围绕设计概念进行设计。
He might have chosen to echo the rising Keynesianism and positivism of his day.
他本可以选择附和当时处于上升期的凯恩斯主义和实证主义。
As Archer rang the bell , the long tinkle seemed to echo through a mausoleum .
当阿切尔拉门铃时，那久久的铃声好似陵墓里的回声。
Radar compared with radar principle This echo-location in bats is often compared with radar, the principle of which is similar.
蝙蝠的这种回声定位常常可与雷达相比较，其原理是相似的。
is final, thanks you to sincerely hope your echo once more!
最后，再次感谢您并切盼您的回音！
In the black community, long, straight hair is often considered more beautiful than short kinky hair.
在黑人社会，长长的直发通常被认为比短的卷发漂亮。
"You say you hair is gone? " he said, with an air almost of idiocy.
“你说你的头发没有了？”他带着近乎白痴的神情问道。
Your hair is quite thick on top. Shall I thin it out a bit?
您头顶上的头发很厚了。要不要我把它削薄一点？
If it was only a matter of grey hair and wrinkles, Brown would not fret too badly.
如果这仅仅是年龄的问题，布朗也不会十分烦恼。
Look at the moon touched my long hair, how much time varying vicissitudes!
看月影轻抚我的长发，多少时光变沧桑啊！
The young man with long hair looked as if he were a girl.
那个长发的男青年看上去像个女的。
My hair is all tangled up. I can't comb it out.
我的头发纠缠在一起，梳不开。
Standing up, he saw his mother gazing at him from under her dishevelled white hair.
他站起来，看见妈妈的眼睛在纷乱的银发下望着他。
Cavernous hemangioma good hair at scalp and for face appearance change significantly, compare easy to find.
海绵状血管瘤好发于头皮和面部，因外观改变明显，比较容易发现。
So she put lanugo also cut off, but her mother did not lose her hair.
于是妈妈就把胎毛也剪掉了，不过妈妈没把头发丢掉。
At the end of every transaction , that number must be zero .
在每个事务结束时，遗孤数必须为零。
Parts of it may be even at zero bar, if I go really fast.
如果我动作太快，某些部分甚至会是零巴。
I, the almost zero temper who was with him on some matters may argue endlessly.
我，这个几乎零脾气的人，在某些事情却与他争论得喋喋不休。
Flux is going to be zero because nothing passes through the surface.
通量之所以为零，是因为根本没有东西通过曲面。
"Customer first" and "a zero defect service" is the wind-services company's purpose.
“客户至上”，“创零缺陷服务”是亚风公司服务的宗旨。
And since the wind is free, operational costs are nearly zero once a turbine is erected.
由于风能是免费的，当风轮机竖立以后操作成本几乎为零。
The slashed zero numeral is often used for identifiers in financial and business information.
斜线零数字通常做为财务及商业资讯中的识别项。
The only special characters in the pattern are the '. *' which indicates a sequence of zero or more characters of any type.
该模式中唯一特殊的字符是‘.*’，它表示任何类型的零个或多个字符的序列。
Through approached zero degree, this time in circumstance big end of summer should not be able to see.
经接近了零度，这种情况大夏末的时候是不应该能见到的。
If the sun did not give off heat the temperature of the earth would fall almost to absolute zero.
假如太阳不放射热量，地球的温度几乎就会下降到绝对零度。
He seems to like me. Would it kill you to give him a chance?
他好像喜欢我，给他一次机会你会死吗？
She wanted to know if it is all right to kill them, or should we respect all life?
她想知道杀死它们是否恰当，或者我们应该尊重一切生命？
e. g. The waiter shouted at me as if he would kill me.
侍者冲我叫嚣，好像要把我给杀了。
At this point, however, they're trying to kill the public option in more subtle ways.
在这一点上，他们尝试用更加狡猾的方式扼杀公众的选择权。
How cruel it was to kill something of such beauty.
杀死如此美丽的生命真是太残忍了。
You know what i can do to you for trying to kill me?
你知道你想杀死我我会对你做什么吗？。
I can't believe it! He's such a great guy. This news will kill his mother!
我简直不敢相信！他是个多么了不起的人！这消息会让他妈发疯的。
He thought he could kill him right then. But he did not do it.
他心想他现在可以杀了克劳迪斯，但是他并没有这样做。
The criminal intimidated the woman that he would kill her son if she did not give him $ 50000.
罪犯恐吓那妇女说，如果不给他五万美金，他就杀了她儿子。
The scientists who discovered radium did not know that it would kill them.
那些发现了镭元素的科学家，并不知道这种元素会让他们丧命。
"I feel as if we were eloping, " she said with a laugh.
“我觉得咱们象在私奔，”她笑声朗朗地说。
I cannot but laugh to hear such a story.
听到这样的故事，我禁不住发笑。
Lee said he was most obedient to his parents, then, he was a hollow laugh.
李说他最听爸妈的话，任乾笑了。
But I also hope your personality is not too serious, and that you are able to laugh at yourself sometimes!
但我也希望你性格不太认真，能够对自己笑一笑！
His audiences laugh, yes, but polls show that the British still support the concept of a monarchy.
是的，他的观众笑了，但民意调查表明英国人仍然支持君主制。
To leave the company received when fired letter, in my heart coldly laugh, walked also refuse.
向公司告假时收到解雇信，我在心里冷冷地笑，走得也决绝。
With a laugh, he added that shareholders of Softbank might have more tolerance for risk than Yahoo's shareholders.
他哈哈大笑起来，补充说软银股东可能比雅虎的股东对风险承受能力更强。
Someone laugh behind him in and said he didn't understand what ask etiquette.
有人在背后嘲笑他，说他不懂礼仪，什么都要问。
People used to laugh at him. At least the TV people took me seriously.
过去别人总是嘲笑他至少电视台的人把我说的当回事
You could get Mike to tell a few of his stories, that's always good for a laugh.
你们可让迈克讲几则他的故事，那才逗笑呢！
He said he would go fishing without fail.
他说他一定会去钓鱼的。
Ulysses' main transmitter no longer works and its back-up systems are also beginning to fail.
尤里西斯的主传送机已经坏了，后备系统也开始出问题。
People seem to fail to take into account the fact that education does not end with graduation.
人们似乎没有考虑到教育并不是终止于毕业的事实。
However, we must not fail to see that the world is still far from being tranquil.
但是也必须看到，天下仍很不太平。
He was not such a fool as to fail to see that point.
他并不是连那一点都看不出来的傻瓜。
When the assertions fail, it becomes very important to provide error messages that are easy to understand.
当断言失败时，非常有必要提供易于理解的错误消息。
He said that under normal circumstances he would be willing to see struggling companies fail.
他说，在正常情况下，他会愿意看到陷入困境的公司垮掉。
"I could not fail myself and die on a fish like this, " he said.
“我不能让自己垮下去，就这样死在一条鱼的手里，”他说。
If it were to fail, it would be the largest U. S. bank to collapse in 2009.
如果它倒闭了，那么2009年将是美国最大银行崩溃的时候。
When new technology ventures fail, it tends to be as units of large corporations, rather than as standalone companies.
当新技术风险企业失败时，往往是作为大企业的子公司，而不是作为独立的公司。
Well Total_Noob is said to have more hacks in his backpack.
是说，有更多的黑客在他的双肩背包。
I consider myself a noob, because not everything in Ubuntu is easily comprehensible.
我认为自己还是个菜鸟，因为并不是Ubuntu中的所有东西都很容易理解。
Cry More Noob (gaming clan)
哭泣的更多的菜鸟（游戏族）
We've done our best so far to create a noob island, but we would like it closer in design to the original authenticity.
我们已经做了我们最好的，到目前为止，创建一个小白岛屿，但我们希望它在设计上更接近原始的真实性。
Can some one tell me what the word "noob" means?
有谁能告诉我，noob这个字表示什么？
beginner, debutant, fledgling, initiate, newbie, noob, novice, tenderfoot, tiro, tyro.
初学者，初学者，新修道士（修女），新手，菜鸟。
Azgalor - 40% MT damage, 25% OT damage, 35% noob damage.
阿兹加洛-mt负担40%伤害，ot负担25%伤害，新手负担35%伤害。
However, on this site, you can also find definitions for it spelled "noob, " "nube, " or "newb. "
然而，在这个网站上，你也能找到这个词的其他拼法（如noob、nube或newb）的定义。
Apple has sold 75 million iPhones, but it had a year's head start on Google.
苹果已经售出7500万部iPhone，但是它比谷歌早一年开始。
Just how much would you pay to get an iPhone 4?
你想花多少钱买到一部iPhone4？
Analysts said the iPhone sales figures would distract some investors from concerns about Jobs' health to a certain extent.
分析师称，苹果的销售数据将在一定程度上分散部分投资者对乔布斯健康状况的忧虑。
Currently, the company has had to allocate massive resources to its iTunes and iPhone online stores.
目前，苹果公司将大量的资源分配在iTunes和iPhones的在线商店上。
It is hard to estimate how much more it would cost to build iPhones in the United States.
很难估计如果iPhone在美国制造，其成本会如何。
He said the sales show consumers are willing to buy new i Phones not just for the hardware but new software too.
他说，销售情况显示，消费者愿意购买新款iPhone，不止是硬件，还有新软件。
If you tap the space bar twice, i Phone inserts a period at the end of sentences, then capitalizes the next word for you.
如果你点击空格键两次，iPhone在插入一个句子的结束期限，则大写为你下一个单词。
As you may recall, Consumer Reports and others said the iPhone 4 had antenna problems that caused it to drop calls.
你应该还记得，消费者报告和其它一些报告曾揭露了iPhone4的天线存在问题，会导致通话的中断。
BlackBerry phones are much like iPhones in the fact that you can only use BlackBerry OS with an official phone by BlackBerry.
你只能在黑莓手机上使用黑莓操作系统，这点与iphone类似。
Jailbreaking and unlocking the iPhone are two different hacks which allow you to take control of your mobile device in different ways.
越狱和解锁是不同的，他们要求你用不同的方法来控制移动设备。
She peeled off the skin of a banana for the child.
她替孩子剥掉香蕉皮。
How much banana do we need ?
我们需要多少香蕉？
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
时光像箭一样飞逝，水果像香蕉一样飞逝？。
How much is the banana?
那香蕉多少钱？
They worry about the time of Yu said: "The banana does not show clove hitch. "
他们在愁郁之时说：“芭蕉不展丁香结”。
In his mother told him not to eat too much after he found some banana apple.
在他妈妈告诉他不要吃太多香蕉后他又找到几个苹果。
Well . after some consideration I decided to look at the history of banana growing in Australia.
经过一些研究我决定看看香蕉在澳大利亚的生长历史。
So angry was the president that Mr Kahn started to call it "banana" instead.
总统对此大为光火，于是卡恩开始用“香蕉”一词代替。
Chemical control is one of the main instruments for the control of banana leaf spot diseases.
化学药剂是防治香蕉叶斑病的主要手段之一。
Call it a banana if you want.
如果你愿意的话，可以管它叫香蕉。
"Coming to see us is the only option for them, " he said.
“来找我们看病是他们唯一的选择，”他说。
Surgery is often the best treatment option to repair an Achilles tendon rupture.
外科手术常常是修复阿基里斯腱断裂的最佳治疗选择。
But a more interesting option might be to think of doing something weird.
但更有趣的是选择去做一些离奇的事。
God is always holding out the option of return to a unity with him.
神总是提出一个选择来与他合一。
When a baby weighs more than 10 pounds, a c-section is often the safer option.
当胎儿体重超过10磅时，剖腹产往往是更安全的选择。
So far, regulators and politicians seem to be plumping for the second option.
到目前为止，监管机构及政客们看起来正在选择第二种方案。
In the present age of EMS, intelligent management assistance is no longer an option, but a necessity.
在当今EMS时代，智能管理辅助不再是一个选项，而是必需的。
"I try to show them that selling drugs is not the only option, " he said.
他说：“我努力向他们说明：推销毒品不是唯一的选择。”
Another option is to set a limit for how much data to read into the DOM.
另一种选择是设置对读入DOM的数据量的限制。
I'd like the option, considering how much I'm paying them.
我喜欢这个选项，考虑到我给他们的不菲工资。
It is often very difficult to distinguish between the two.
这两者时常很难去区分。
But all of that, it strikes me, is going to be very, very hard.
但这一切，它打击了我，将是非常，非常努力。
This sort of thing can be very dangerous.
这种事可能是非常危险的。
He said that it was very easy to the girl.
他说与那个女孩相处是很容易的。
"I certainly have to be very optimistic, " she said.
“我当然要非常乐观，”她说。
As you know it's very convenient to pay for things by check.
用支票付款非常方便，你是知道的。
Yellow umbrellas seem to be very popular this year.
黄色遮阳伞今年似乎非常流行。
This project seems to be very attractive.
这一方案看来很有吸引力。工程
She closed the door very quietly, as she was afraid of wakening the sleeper.
她一声不响地把门关上，生怕吵醒那个睡觉的人。
They were all very much worried over the fact that you were sick.
对你生病之事，他们都很着急。
I said to her mother now stop that noise.
我对她妈妈说现在停止噪音吧
Thank you. How much is the fare to that stop?
谢谢你。去到那个站的票价是多少？
Ask her to stop as politely as you can.
尽可能礼貌地让她住嘴。
You know that last wheel stop call is going to be a little tough.
你知道，去年车轮停止通话将是有点困难。
Have at least one adult present at the bus stop to supervise the children.
在公车站至少有一个成年人在场监督孩子。
The dog followed came to a bus stop, began to see a timetable.
狗随后来到了一个公共汽车站，开始看时刻表。
Stop spending your valuable time trying to save a few pennies.
不要用你那宝贵的时间而只是为了节约几个硬币。
"Stop calling me that! I'm not your mother. You're just a dirty old man. "
“别那么叫我！我不是你妈。你只是一个脏老头。”
He said the intent is to stop the cycle of revenge and violence.
他说，谈判的目的是结束复仇和暴力的循环。
Finally we got to the York street. He asked me to stop near a tall building.
我们终于到了约克街，他叫我停在一幢高楼旁边。
On the door of a computer store: "Out for a quick byte. "
电脑专卖店门上：“出去找一个更快的字节。”
At Potsdam, he was tardy again and quick to tell journalists that he intended to leave early.
在波茨坦，他依然拖沓并且很快就告诉记者们他要早走。
Now his feet were quick, decisive, taking him straight back to the store like an arrow.
现在他的脚迅速，果断，把他直接回到商店像一个箭头。
And I started working on this project -- oh, I have to tell you about this real quick.
我开始了这个项目的工作—哦，我必须赶快告诉你们这个。
The scripts covered here are designed to be simple to understand, easy to use, and quick to learn.
本文介绍的脚本易于理解、使用简单并可以快速掌握。
Quick decision is characteristics of him.
做出快速决定是他的特点。
This service makes it easy to send out a survey and gather quick feedback from customers and colleagues.
这个服务能够轻松地发送一个调查并从客户和同事那里收集快速反馈。
He said mergers and acquisitions would be a quick route to acquiring banking licences in some emerging markets.
他表示，并购将是获得某些新兴市场银行业务牌照的捷径。
The technological process is one straight line production, quick, convenient, and easy to control.
工艺流程为一条线式，生产速度快，可靠性高，方便操作，管理。
He took a quick body count. Eleven down in the formation approaching his position.
他迅速清点尸体。十一只倒在他这个方向的编队里。
Jack got up the nerve to ask Ruth to dance with him.
杰克鼓足勇气请露丝和他跳舞。
Mary is attending the party, Jack seems to be going as well.
玛丽将出席宴会，杰克也会出席。
Jack, cut it out---Dad is trying to take some naps.
杰克，别打闹了——爸爸要午睡一会儿。
Jack PC technology enables the conversion of any standard LAN port into a desktop computer solution.
杰克个人电脑技术使任何标准局域网端口转化为桌面计算机方案。
Jack lost heart when he was turned down in the interview by the company.
在面试中被那家公司拒绝以后，杰克丧失了信心。
Jack's father is rather angry with him for his indifference to the future.
杰克的父亲因为杰克对未来漠不关心而对他很生气。
Paul: You think you could beat Jack Johnson? I think you could. Id bet on it.
保罗：你能打败杰克·约翰逊吗？我想你能。我敢打赌。
Jack: Yes. His father was very hard to believe he made such a mistake.
杰克：是的。他的父亲很难相信他犯了这样一个错误。
Janet is all over Jack. She can't take her eyes off him .
珍妮特被杰克迷住了，她根本没法把视线从他身上移开。
Jack said he was ill. As a matter of fact, he was all right.
杰克说他病了，实际上，他很好。
Henry, do you know how much we spent this month?
亨利，你知道这个月花了多少钱吗？
and one showing how much of the month has elapsed.
和一个展示如何在一个月多已经过去。
She said that she was coming to see me the next month.
她说她下个月来看望我。
How much salary did he give you last month?
他上个月发给你多少薪水？
Figure out how much you'll save every month.
估算你每个月将存多少钱。
Mary now how much money each month?
玛丽现在每个月挣多少钱？
How much do your parents earn each month?
你父母亲每月赚多少钱？
It is reported that this company expanded its design center in London last month.
据报道，这家公司上月扩展了其伦敦设计中心。
Represents the month ordinal of a year in a manufacturing calendar .
表示生产日历中每一年的第几个月。
Do you know how much we spent this month?
你知道我们这个月花了多少钱吗？
He's a talented footballer with a great future in front of him.
他是一个天才球员，前途光明。
The matter is of great importance to us.
这件事对我们极为重要。
He made a great move to go around the other player.
他做了漂亮的动作闪过另一个球员。
It had always been our dream to take the children to the Great Wall .
带孩子去长城曾经一直是我们的理想。
The work just took a great deal out of me!
这工作真使我疲惫不堪！
This is just a great opportunity for me to have a conversation with you.
这是我和大家交谈的绝好机会。
In pure military terms, the Great Wall turned out to be something of a failure.
从纯军事角度来看，长城可以算是一个失败的工程。
Our agents went deep into the enemy and got a great deal of valuable information.
我特工人员深入敌境，获得了很多非常有价值的情报。
To her great disappointment , her daughter didn't send her a present for her eighty birthday.
她的女儿没有送她一件八十寿辰的礼物，真是令她大失所望。
Not having heard from her son for a long time, the mother worried a great deal.
由于长时间没有收到儿子的信，母亲非常焦急。
To go with him to picture galleries was a rare treat.
同他一起参观画廊是一种难得的享受。
Call it a rare case of trans-Atlantic convergence.
说它是一例罕见的跨大西洋的收敛性。
We do not know at the moment, but XDR-TB is rare.
目前我们尚不清楚，但是XDR-TB是罕见的。
It is very easy to find dozens of often rare diseases that seem to match your symptoms.
这是非常容易找到几十往往罕见疾病似乎匹配您的症状。
She did not know how rare she was.
她并不知道她自己有多么古怪。
He said he hopes that other countries can share the burden of rare-earth development.
他说，他希望其他国家能分担对稀土的开采。
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting.
说到底，美貌是样具体的事情，罕见且昙花一现。
It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it.
这是极为罕见的笑容，其中含有永久的善意的表情。
As is often read in the newspaper reports, wild life especially the rare species is threatened with extinction.
正如人们经常在报纸上看到报道，野生动物特别是珍稀物种濒临灭绝。
It is one of those thankfully rare decisions that leave an indelible mark for ever on your face for everybody to see.
但这种一生少有的抉择，已在你脸上留下永不褪色的印记。
Her father is keen for her to go university.
她父亲渴望她能上大学。
At my first job out of university , I was only * twenty grand a year .
我离开学校的第一份工作，一年只有两万元。
How much do you know about this university?
你怎么知道美国的这所大学的？
He said he liked the busy university life, and that I will study hard.
他说他很喜欢忙碌的大学生活，并叫我要努力学习。
He said that he would keep us informed of his daily life in university.
他说他会不断地把他的大学生活告诉我们的。
He worked his way through university as a day laborer.
他做着日薪工人赚钱读完大学。
A quiet university campus, as if I returned to my college days.
安静的大学校园，让我仿佛又回到了我的大学时代。
If I had been admitted by Peking University, I should have found a better major.
我要是被北大录取了，我就会找到一个更好的专业。
You've got people trying to put kids through university on BP share options.
有些员工指望靠BP股票期权让孩子上大学。
after entering the university through the early admission scheme , he continued to serve with dedication.
透过拔尖计划进入大学后，他继续服务社会。
